## 

- pariticpant was very confused once they got to the chest part
- figured out how to flip the LT input after a little

- level 2

- solved first phase effortlessley
- keeps disconnecting inputs

- started looking at type signatures to solve levels
- takes a while to find a line of reasoning, but then blasts through once its found

- const connected to random things for a while, but eventually figured it out 
- softlocked  because 0,0 position

- remembers concepts of haskell, but not much of the actual language

- does not reocnight the LT, EQ, and Max instnatly

- once seeing the values, recognises what it is, and recongises the typography.
- didn't realise OR, thought was AND.
- the values updates too quickly too make sense of it.

- recongised the cross attack timer instnatly
- easily able to solve with the maybe added to lower input on ords

- levl 3 incomplete due to not being able to solve in time limit

- participant stayed zoomed out a lot of the time, not really able to see the values
    - this eems to have hampered them.

- quick to pick up on maths symbols, and how they break down into components

- it started splitting the maths operations into ways to construct it from smaller bits

- figured out how to bring out shield when needed instantly

- phase last done by demonstrator
- either mappend would have only been solved through trial and error rather than understnading
- the fork imagery is OK, the link and which way it is going is just a guess
- it also moves too quickly
- add something you can step through one cycle at a time on button press

- a label might help, a tutorial on each block
    - assuming someone hasn't seen this concept, they wont be able to understnad it
    - e.g. an AND gate

- instantly solved moving left right for level 6
- it would help a lot if the functions were named
    - people will name them anyway in their heads, so provide that to them
    - I decide what to name them, which gives them something meaningful, and leads them on the right track
    - A good enough tutorial would sidestep this however.

- "The best thing is that it lets you play with it more than code does."
- kinda like how people purposely play baba is you
    - kind of like what this is

- currently I would call it a teaching tool as it needs the tutorial and walkthrough by a tutor.
- In a completed state I would call this a puzzle game

- As someone who knows very little functional programming, from hearing my explanations, did a better job than doing the game itself.
    - it could be a teaching tool on its own, it just needs to be very hand-holdy
    - theres a lot of noise in the MVP since it so wide reaching across different things
    - as an MVP it conveys what it is trying to do, but it does not achieve it well
    - You would never expect someone to learna ll these concepts in 45 minutes.

- I think gamfying programming is good, because peple understand how to use things, but they do not understand the concepts
    - people leave CS degrees not knowing what they are doing, more specificalyl why they are doing.

- The biggest issue I can see in the early levels, it would be relatively easy to brute force them, and then get stuck later.

- Haskell familiarity is near nothing
- Too familiar with games, mainly video games, but aware of tabletop

- like most puzzle games, when you get the answer its always "oh it was super obvious, why didn't I get that earlier"


- The biggest thing is that if its a "hey heres how you learn haskell", the end goal has to be made specifically for a target audience of x-year CS students.
- A Text / Voice based tutorial would be good. An I dont Understand this button would be integral.