p3

- no experience with haskell
    - read a wikipedia page on it
- intermediate in C++, Java, C#, Markup languages (3 years C++, Java 5 years)

- didn't see the LT as a LT, thought it was piping vaalues into each other
- was able to see it as a LT after some coercing

- if player needs to dodge is true then dodge
    - thinking in very imperitive programming terms, an d there seems to be mental friction from that

- can see the control flow that feeds into the maybe and how that works, despite not knowing what a maybe is

- confused about what to do to replace the value in the chest

- able to see that the switch needs to happen again in the new context (LT switch)

- after coercing

- can see how functions work and how we are replacing the value in the maybe

- can see that the new relation operators are relation operators
    - recognises EQ, LT, OR instantly once seeing the relation

- starting to see the pattern
    - rather than manipulating things with variables, you pass them around to functions, and chain funcitons until you eventually get what you want to get

- defender start
- was able to connect by trial and error for first phase
- was able to intuit for second phase and work it  out
- final phase was able to instantly connect things up correctly

- always have the same position of the attack and the player
- we are trying to fulfill this sign function, and we keep losing inbuilt functionality and having to recreate it.
- that was fun, best level, it makes sense, makng sense is wbat makes it fun
    - its all symvols we are familiar with, wihch helps

- this function is to pull out the shield
- I want to do this when I have finished moving, or when an attack is about to hit
- broke the 1 + 1 as realized it does not do anything
- recongises the equal to

- Y + 1 was hard to figure as relative, but saw an aboslute position solution

- connected things to the either to figure out what happens, and sees the relation to input and sidedness

- the chain links two two input values, and creates a new output by linking them
- its resolving them in a particular order
- resolevs into a single input

- it would have been half brute force/trial and error to figure out what the chain function did
- but I would eventually figure it out
- when taking two values, chanining them together gave me a really good idea of what it was doing.
- the symbol really helped.
- the split path makes sense
- we lose the left and get the right
- its unlcear in haskell, and so its unclear in this game, it doesnt magically amke it more clear by being in a game

- instnatly connected movement inputs up to be able to connect them
- finds the either to geed into the from either

- this is the same, getting the relative posoition thing
- no its not its slightly different, realizes the different and explains it

- the default is dont block when there is no value
- but when there is a value, when its 1 we want to block
- this overrides the default value

- wanted to go on for level 6 phase 3
- solved it with some railroading

- I would not have been able to do this level, and I would not have enjoyed it
- It would have ebentually be brute forceable, but it wouldnt be understood

- in a full game I would be able to solve this, as I would learn the concepts over time and would eventually see it as easy.
- It could even be a level 20 or 30.
- you would need time with the game prior to understand how things work
- the big levels would be great about testing, but the small levels worked the best as a teaching tool.
- not because concepts I knew, but because (I didnt know sign function), but it was very simple, I can test what the function does, I was able to figure out what it does, and later on I didnt need to think ahout it because I knew it.
- I can link function together, e.g the sign and the either sign since we broke it down into its components and we know what it is, therefore when the type of input changes we can think about the break down of how its working. In the same way this is feeding in the single value which is the value in the ither which it operates on.
- could reason about what the either sign function does even though the inners must work diffferently, b ecause the symbol is the same and the basic function seems top be the same

- the UX and game xperience made it feel easy
- I struggled with the tasks, but I never felt frustrated, it was always simple, I could see the animation, etc.
- Even if I didn't undetstand the concepts, it wasn't frustrating, I could try this, try that, see what happens
- its far far more bearable than a teaching telling me functional programming

- the only thing is that the level design, is that all the components are there, and ask the player to hook that up
- further tests are just removing functionality or breaking it down into smaller parts
- this works, but I think there also merit in doing it the other way around, instead of removing functionality, and combining it together to make simpler functions
- understanding the fundamental concepts, what each component does in isolation.
- as the level progresses, dont break functions down, just add more functions that are entirely new, and serve to an additional new task rather than replacing the original one.
- the levle with 4 nodes is the best level and most accessible. Because its starting with the core components, 
- e.g. do the same with the chain, I would learn what the chain does much better and eaiser.
    - dont introduce the chain mid level, introduce it in its own level
- I Like to see how the underlying function is occuring, but ok you are just breaking functions down and I dont know what these individual parts do.

- start in isolation with the small components, and make sure the player understands exactly what they are doing.

- the class tree from design docs is this exact thing.

- recently I have been trying to avoid tutorials for writing code, and trying to understand exactly what I am writing
- for a lot of the game I can through repetition do things, but I dongt necessarily understand things.
- solving through pattern recognition, but not fundamental understanding.

- the concept is good, but the implementation falls short, its on the right track but needs to be iterated on and expanded.

- using the game concepts it transfers over very well
     - I understand health, mana stamind
     - I understand left and right movement
     - I understand this set of nodes controls movement, and this set controls the shield.

- breaking the component down doesnt let the player recreate if they havent been introduced to them
- trying to teach too late; as they do it.

- learn in isolation, so that later when its testing/learning in context, I do not have to worry about too many things.

- it was really fun, it was really good
- implemented correctly it would be a great teaching tool, and it would be amazing for creating interest
- its accessible. I learnt more than if I read a textbook.

- it makes me want to go and look up function programming paradigms and learn more about it. see where it might be applicable to my own programming and future projects.
- the game element makes things happen, so you have instant feedback.

- in playing a game, you go up against a challenge, and you get small challenges followed by rewards from beating it.
- a relative who knows no programming could still enjoy this game I think. Its simple in concept, but can teach complex concepts.

- as someone who makes games and who programs it makes me feel the joys from both.
- realy cool conceptually.

- it really comes across in this game design the designers tendency to want to solve big complex challenges rahter than many quick small ones.

- its really satisfying to snap the nodes together
- I really enjoy not having to write textual code.

- extremely familiar with games, too familiar. Game Designer mostly, but also a programmer.
- video games and tabletop I am very familiar with both, expertise is video game.