p4.md


- haskell experience, done some functional programming but much.
- very familiar with the funcitonal paradigms in rust.

- the time based thing seems to be a random seed
- the dice is a constant 2
- this function seems to be comparator
- LTE
- the tick and corss pro bably bool
- these left come from the world, so we can use this to update the state
- "that makes sense"
- passed first time

- recognised mimic as a mimic; good iconogrpahy
- so we want to update its position
- figures out the control flow, needs to still flip
 - "Lets go trough the control flow and see what is happening"
- corrects to LT
- when its a non-question mark, it warps out.
- flips around the LT

- thought the clock was a random seed.
- didnt understnad it was countdown to attack
- realized once explained why everything works

- realized mimic is an Optional<T>
- realized how the mimic constructor works

- setting an unkown position jumps out of the board

- level 2

- we know this is time until attack
- solved plase 1 instnatly

- once mimic is connected to flask, sees what the function does
- took a bit to remember how currying works, but once found it understood everyhting
- understood composition to replace the value in the mimic

- sees the three flasks needs a function inside the mimic
- connects everything up and solves wuickly

- new 3 flask funciton recognises the two mimics have different inners
- can see how the const cna be used to combine the two mimic values
- took a while to see the solution to level 2

- didn't really undesrtand the 3 flask liftA2
- i think its composing something, but not sure what
- once shown side by sign, can see the progression of how it chnages, the function goes inside the context

- level 3
- I wonder what this door icon is
- took some time to understand the need for what goes into the comparison operators
- understood that its an OR
- "Maybe comparator? Some sort of optional comparator"
- quickly connected the maybes into the input with the change

- BInd is "composing something"

- using partially applied functions to compose with a concrete value to return an unwrapped value

- Level 4

- "I'm gonna check what this does with my ow eyes"
- works it out through trial and error of what the block does, then works out it logically what inputs are needed after

- once sign - is broken, works out to make the minus, then pipes it into the sign.
- tests what happens to see without the sign.

- figures out what - does when connecting its input
- realised 1 + - 1 is 1 - 1 quickly

- this level has intuitive operators in how they work and its easy to test their inputs/outputs to see their effects.
- understands its splitting into components
- the first time it was just -1 0 1, but then we have to start piping things together to get into the cofrect values

- lvvel 5
- always having sield out depletes staminda, so I dont want that
- its like befoer where we want the position of the x thing.
- connecst hte inputs straightaway.

- phase

- sees the colour matching up to see what the either wants.
- matches up to get the types.


- the either is returning one that has a defined value

- the either left and etiher right were easy ot pick up on
- some need to chain them together was found, but not exactly how to chain them together

- eventually I would have found out what chain was doing, but it would have takne forever, and is not clear

- level 6

- connecte dfirst phase easily

- some things need to be made to not look lik they connect even if they ordinaryily would as this causes confuciotn. e.g. const a into foldr

- the flask i sued to get a 1 or ?
- the comparison is used to get a bool out of the either based on when its 1

- the last phase looks really complicated, I would have eventually solved it by the left right thing, but it would ahve taken forever

- post

- initially it was taking time to warm up to functional knowledge, but once I warmed up I could relate things to rust concepts
- the symbols are confusing, it adds an extra layer of trying to figure out what the symbol is, they often needed explaining.
- as an intro, it needs more guidance onw hat specific 

- more levels like level 4 which are understandable, I can figure out whats happening, and it doesnt feel functional inspired.

- the currying, etc. does make sense when you get use dto it, but I got too focussed down on the key and lock stuff.
- I eventually figured out the locka nd key analogy, but it takes quite a few levels to figure out that initally.

- with levels in between the levels presesnted, I would be able to figure out the more difficult levels by myself, leading up to the complex
- level 2 with flask adn key/lock was too much to take in at once, introduce one concept at a time,

- I was able to make connections to the rust concepts once I figured out the maybe
    - once I figured out what the key and lock did as a parital function, I figured out the maybe
    - I needed a foothold to go off so I could have a function that is half understood, so I can infer the rest and test and find out if its what I think it is

- game experience
    - less familiar with tabletop games
    - very familiar with video games
    - I can recognise concepts that have been brought across from games
    - the block connection reminds me of a game where I connected tiles together
    - a mimic is a maybe, because a chest usually contains something, but sometimes it doesn't, 
    - I got the d20 as Int and the coin flip as a bool. Its a bit too generic to belong to anything, its just true/false

- the different context was cool, having thief vs having shielder to explore different cconcepts was interesting
    - thief is about movement, maybe. understood third level as monad
    - shielder is movng and using its shield. move and defend. level 5 as parallele control flow, level 4 synchronous or sequential control flow, level 6 either as control flow

- the game was fun, interseting to think about did.
- more of a teahcing tool right now, but it could be turned into a full game when finsihed

- it moves too fast to really understand what some functions like the coparisons do.
- I'd be motivated to play this as a game if it was finished, I wouldnt need to be forced.

